# Introduction - Jacob Conner

Hi, my name is Jacob Conner. I am a computer science major at ODU taking __CS 432__. I live in Blacksburg, Virginia and I live about 4 minutes from Virginia Tech. I currently work full time providing chat-based support at DISH Network to assist with tool issues that our customer service agents may be experiencing. My current days off are Wednesdays and Thursdays, so I anticipate the vast majority of the work in this course being done on those days and after 9pm on other days.

I am taking this course because I have always been interested in web-based technologies. PHP was the very first programming language I learned, so I could interface with a MySQL database to better store archeological information while I was working on my Anthropological Science degree. I have been working with different databases and web servers ever since. Since databases are big interest of mine, I would be interested in any clever web scraping or data mining methods that we might touch on in this course. In addition to databases, I am also interested in WebAssembly and the ability compile C++ code for the web. This just seems like a particular promising field of web development that may narrow the gap between Desktop and Web Applications.

I am a perpetual student and spent most of the last 15 years, working on getting into Archaeology. I haven't given up entirely, but I think it will be more of a hobby while I hopefully work towards the dream of freelance coding. I have a B.A. in History and a B.S. in Anthropological Science. I also worked on a Masters at the University of Alberta and was able to spend two summers working on the Hamanaka 2 Site (2500BC - Present) in Rebun, Japan. During the Summer 2013 fieldwork, we uncovered two Okhotsk period skeletons (800 AD) and have found numerous lithics and faunal remains. Ultimately, due to the project ending and a variety of other differences with the supervisor, I chose to leave after completing the coursework but without completing the thesis. 


